doc: Adds documentation on how to check the checksum of the binaries (#337)
codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter: docs/alternative-ways-of-running-coverage-reporter.md

export CODACY_REPORTER_VERSION=<version>
```

> > Note that for versions over `13.0.0` the script will check automatically the checksum of the downloaded binary.
> To override this behavior and skip the checksum of the binary you can:
> 
> > `export CODACY_REPORTER_SKIP_CHECKSUM=true`

Reviewer: Simplify text and use an admonition card:

```suggestion
!!! note
    Starting on version `13.0.0` the script automatically validates the checksum of the downloaded binary. To skip the checksum validation, define the following environment variable:

    ```bash
    export CODACY_REPORTER_SKIP_CHECKSUM=true
    ```
```

    java -jar codacy-coverage-reporter-assembly.jar report
    ```

> ### \[Optional\] Checksums

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### \[Optional\] Validating the checksum of the binaries
```

Reviewer: Also, maybe we don't need to mention this is optional? To me at least it has always been self-explanatory that even though it's a good idea to validate the downloaded binaries, one may choose not to do it (and run the risks :sweat_smile: ).

So this could become:

```suggestion
### Validating the checksum of the binaries
```

> For any approach where you download the binary you can manually check the checksum for it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When downloading the binary you can manually check the checksum for it.
```

> For any approach where you download the binary you can manually check the checksum for it.
> The checksums are available for download at this [repository releases](https://github.com/codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter/releases). As an example, considering the linux binary for version `13.3.0`, it is available for download with:
> 
> ```bash
> curl -Ls -O https://github.com/codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter/releases/download/13.0.0/codacy-coverage-reporter-linux.SHA512SUM
> ```
> 
> For the cheksum check, you can use any tool of your choice, as long as it relies on `SHA512`.
> As an example you can:
> 
> ```bash
> sha512sum --check codacy-coverage-reporter-linux.SHA512SUM

Reviewer: This can be made more compact, and the example can include downloading and validating the checksum all at once (this is what customers will probably want to do).

This also fixes the URL for the version 13.3.0. :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
You can use the checksums [available for each release](https://github.com/codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter/releases) to validate the binaries that you download manually. You can use any tool of your choice to validate the checksum, as long as it uses the `SHA512` algorithm.

For example, run the commands below to download and validate the checksum for the 13.3.0 Linux binary. Note that the command `sha512sum` expects to find the binary on the same directory and with the original name `codacy-coverage-reporter-linux`.

```bash
curl -Ls -O https://github.com/codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter/releases/download/13.3.0/codacy-coverage-reporter-linux.SHA512SUM
sha512sum --check codacy-coverage-reporter-linux.SHA512SUM
```

Author: Oops, actually the 13.3.0 was the typo, it was actually 13.0.0, going to update it

```

> > Note that this concrete command is looking for the file named `codacy-coverage-reporter-linux` on that

Reviewer 2: I would replace `on that same folder` with `on the current directory`

> > Note that this concrete command is looking for the file named `codacy-coverage-reporter-linux` on that
> same folder. You need to make sure that the downloaded binary has the original name during this step.
> 

Reviewer: This part can be removed if it's mentioned directly in the example above.

```suggestion
```
